People,
Leaving no effect in the face of a great war,
Today,
I would like to welcome the representatives of the Chinese, Thai, Manchurian, Philippine, Myanmar and the Jiu-Indo Kari government.
The possibility that we will hold an events to Christianity is truly truly of imperialism.
We give you attention to this.
This is守衛 parallel to present-day justice.
Enjoy State predictions and beimmersよね.
If an object is collected,
is counted as an Singing Bell and
then held to fly free to see the target simply
The Great East will hold a meeting.
The Great East will discuss the completion of the war and the new construction of the Great East.
Yesterday, the Great East declared a joint war on the land.
Today, the Great East will discuss the completion of the war and the new construction of the Great East.
The Great East will discuss the completion of the war and the new construction of the Great East.